docs: cdc related updates (#109)
neo4j/docs-kafka-connector: modules/ROOT/pages/known-issues.adoc

= Known Issues
:description: This chapter describes known issues related to {product-name}.

== CDC-related issues

The Kafka source connector CDC strategy depends on Neo4j Change Data Capture identifiers.
CDC change identifiers can become invalid after operations such as restoring a backup, restoring from a snapshot, copying a database, importing data through CLI commands, or pausing and resuming a Neo4j Aura database.

> They can also become unusable when the transaction log no longer contains the transaction referenced by the identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
They can also become invalid when the transaction log gets truncated and no longer contains the transaction referenced by the stored change identifier.
```
